
TIMBERPUNK 2 EVENTLINE

down below is the first part of the timberpunk 2 main story.
it will have branching paths later on.

--------------------------
	event m0.1
		(shortly after game start on easy)
	
	Easy Mode selected
		Welcome to TIMBERPUNK 2 (yes the capital letters are necessary)
		thank you for checking out the map!
		
		Easy mode huh? nothing wrong with a narrative experience, you're probably super new to timberborn.
		otherwise you would never choose easy mode now who wants a lolipop? yes youuuu.
			
			(grumbling you lick on the lolipop until only the stick remains)
			+1 log
			(lauch event 1.0)
			
			
	event m0.2
		(shortly after game start on normal)
			
	Normal mode selected.
		Welcome to TIMBERPUNK 2 (yes the capital letters are necessary)
		thank you for checking out the map!
		
		i'm not sure what to say to someone who's playing on normal..
		here have a cola!
			
			(i'm glad we had this conversation?)
				+1 water
				(lauch event m1.0)


	event m0.3				
		(shortly after game start on hard)

	hard mode selected
		Welcome to TIMBERPUNK 2 (yes the capital letters are necessary)
		thank you for checking out the map!
		
		Hardmode huh? you i like.
		here have pain.

			(ok but why!?!)
				1 beaver gets injured
				+25 science
				(lauch event 1.0)
				
			(no, go away)
				(launch event 1.0)
				
				
	event m0.4				
		(shortly after game start on custom difficulty)

	custom difficulty selected
		Welcome to TIMBERPUNK 2 (yes the capital letters are necessary)
		thank you for checking out the map!
		i hope you have lot's of fun playing custom difficulty!
		
			(thanks, you too! no wait...)
				(lauch event 1.0)
		

--------------------------
	event m1.0

		-Home..
			A Memory that seems like fiction now.
			It must have been weeks since mother nature decided to evaporate our lives.
			Family, friends, sons, daughters, they all wait for us now in the great beyond.
			We couldn't take everyone and had to make many hard choices on who would get a chance to live.

 
		(We cut loose the sick so the kids could live)
			  +4 kids
			  -2 Adults (oldest one first if possible)
			  (triggers event 1.1)
		 
		 (the tried to take as many with us as we could)
			  +4 kids
			  -15 water
			  -15 berries 
			  -2 adults become contaminated
			  (triggers event 1.2)
		  
		-there was only so much we could do
			  +5 water
			  +5 food
			  -work speed -5% for 7 days
			  (triggers 1.3)
		   
		-kids don't build a city, engineers and labourers do!
			 +2 adults
			 -15 water
			 -15 berries
			  (triggers event 1.4)
		  
		  
		  
		 (failure to pay any of these options in 12h gives the following event)
  
	event m1.7
  
	  Failure....
	  I Was meant to save them.. but i led them all to their doom...
  
		  (perhaps it's better if i...)
			  -game over
			  -110% life expectancy for 100 days
  
  
  --------these events can trigger at the end of day 1----
  event m1.1

  -Marius and malissa
  As the day comes to an end you spot 2 kits hugging and crying.
  With their grandfather abandoned during the great track The kits Marius and Melissa are now alone in this cold world.
  When Marius Notices you he starts shouting at you, calling you names like Monster and Murderer.
  In his crying fit of rage he throws something at you, a small necklace with the picture of an old man on it.
  Marius then took malissa by her paw and ran away.
  
  (I did what i had to...)
  +1 scrap metal
  
  
  
  
  event m1.2
    
  -The old man
  as the day comes to an end you spot an old man with 2 kits.
  Upon noticing you the old man gets gives you a laboured smile and stumbles wags over to you.
  "thank you for saving us, i am the only family these kits have left.
  i know i'm useless with my hands, but i used to be a factory foreman.
  let me help you get your bearings oh and take this, please light it on the day we are saved"
  and with that the old man turns back to the kits who are smiling with youghtful energy.
  and you are left with firework in your hands.
  
  (i promise old man)
  +5% work speed for 7d
  +5% movement speed for 7d
  +28 science
  +1 firework
  triggers event 1.5
  
  
  event m1.3
  
  A Sorrowfull night
  as the day comes to an end you lie down in your tent and think back on the many hard decision you had to make.
  one vision haunts your dreams, the sight of an old man hugging what looked like his grandchildren. 
  you doomed them, send them to their deaths, refused their chance of living.
  many don't sleep that night and awake tired
  
  (I am a monster made out of necessity)
  - 40% movement speed for 24 hours
  

  event m1.4
  
  The Tired Workforce
  as the day comes to an end you lie down in your tent and Prepare to end the day only to get woken up by screaming.
  as you exit your tent you see 2 beavers going fist to fist after a heated debate about their abandoned kits.
  they're workers tired from all the labour and travel and decided to.. "endulge" themselves.
  you confiscate the goods and go to bed late, many wake up tired because of this occurance.
  the tension will be noticable for days to come
  
  (we all suffer..)
  
  +5 extract
  2 beavers become injured
  -10% work speed for 7 days
  -25
 
 
  -----only available if you had event 1.2-----
  
  event m1.5
  triggers when you've build (not launched) the final wonder
  
  Melissa Walks into your room to bring you some paperwork
  "it is done Captain, soon we will be filling the lands with new life and it's all thanks to you!"
  your chair creeks as you get up and wander to a nearby cupboard whereout you take a firework rocket from the back.
  "your grandfather gave me this when you were young"
  
  (i say it's time we light it)
  -1 firework
  get event 1.6
  
  
  event m1.6
  
  Remembering a Legend
  "please light it on the day we are saved"
  the old man's words are still fresh in your head as Marius, the old man's grandson Lights the firework rocket.
  you would have done it yourself but you too are starting to show your age and kneeling is near impossible nowadays.
  soon the rocket shoots up to the sky and you think of the many sacrifices you had to make to get this far.
  and all fell silent when the rocket exploded into a picture of your face, just a bit younger.
  you cant help but chuckle
  
  (A foreman huh?)
	
--------------------------
event m2.0
triggers at the start of day 2

The Contingency Plan
  Your Builders approach you with 2 plans to power the aquifer.
  The first and most favorable plan Is to power it using a power wheel.
  It would be fast, and would be straightforward every beaver already knows what to do.
  it would however require at least 2 beavers to operate at all time.
  
  The second plan is to power it from some sort of alternative source, most likely the geothermals or waterwheels
  this would have many downsides from planning intensity to water rationing.
  
  (build the powerwheel let's get this done)
   +10% working speed for 24 hours
   +5% movement speed for 24 hours
   
   (My Plans are beyond your understanding)
	+10 planks
	+61 science
	+10% movement speed
	-25% work speed for 48 hours
    -100 berries
	(if paid get 2.1)
	(24h to pay)
	
  event m2.1 (only available if plan B is chosen and paid)
   
	   Rationing
		   (Beaver name here) grumbles as she goes to work, she just got to hear that water rationing is taking effect
		   she and her daughter will only gain half the water they need, the rest will be supplied in berry juice.
		   it's not the worst thing in the world, it's nutritious and healthy, but it's just not very good for the teeth.
		   
			(right...)
				+15% work speed for 48 hours
				+25 water
				3 beavers get broken teeth
	 
	 
	 
--------------------------
event m3.0
(triggers at the end of day 2)

	 The New Generation
		 Your childhood friend, probably the only person left alive you care for was pregnant.
		 She Didn't tell anyone about it and now here she is recovering from recently giving birth!
		 She requested for you to bless the child and you hesitate for a moment before walking into her living space.
		 Exhausted she smiles as she sees you.
		 "i'm naming her after your mother"
		 "After my mother?" you ask suprised.
		 "yes" she continues "your mother was always there for me when i needed help, the same could not be said about my own parents"
		 The room is silent for a moment before you continue "so you're calling her-" 
		 "lily" she says.
		 You look at the small bright eyes of the kit.
	 
			(Welcome to the Family Lily)
				1 beaver gets sick
				+1 Child
		
--------------------------
event m4.0

triggers starts end of day 4 (or 24h after the drill is running if thats possible)

	The Water Situation
		A drought is approaching fast and Beavers are getting nervous.
		It's about time you say something to ease their minds (hopefully)
		as you step unto the makeshift stand You start talking.
		"my fellow survivors"
	
			(Our progress shall be grand, all will get something to drink!!!)
				pay 50 water in 24h
				(get event 4.1)
			
			(we are making great progress!)
				pay 25 water in 24h
				(get event 4.2)
			
			(i wish circumstances were better)
				-15% Working speed
		
			(lay down your tools, A drought Is coming)
				(event)
				+55 water
				-75% working speed for 48 hours
		
		
event m4.1:
	
	
	Thunderous Applause
		All cheered as they got their full rations of water.
		for some it has been months since they got a proper drink.
		some may have gotten carried away and drank more than they should have.
		
			(but at least everyone is happy)
				+45 water
				+5% movement speed for 5 days
				
event m4.2

	a sip to drink
		Water was scarce, it was the sole source of life in this dead world.
		and it was our job to secure as much of it as possible.
		as (beaver name) grabbed her canteen during work she prepared to silence the thirst even if just a little bit.
		but to their dissapointment, it was empty.
		They sigh, it wouldnt be until the next day that they will get their new rations
	

				(well.. back to work)
					+25 water
					
					
--------------------------

event m5.0
	(launches a few hours into the first drought)
	
		Hidden Treasures
			For the first time we arrived here we were able to see the bottom of the now shallow river.
			and right there in the mud layed a crate.
			one could only imagine what would be inside.
			
				(soaked research documents, almost all stained and unreadable)
					+30 science
					+15 paper (if folktails)
					
				(old metal parts, most of it rusted)
					+25 scrapmetal
					+10 metal parts (if ironteeth)
					
				(a bunch of bottles containing a mystery fluid)
					+45 water
					+15 badwater
					1 beaver got contaminated
					
				(rotten food! well, at least the crate is in a good shape)
					+18 dirt
					+8 planks
					
--------------------------

event m6.0
(triggers about 10 days into the game)
	
	Rows of beavers
		We can't believe our eyes, we are not the only ones!
		early in the morning a group of beavers arrived to our settlement. 
		they don't seem to be from our town hover as nobody recognized anyone.
		but what should we be doing with these beavers
		
			(Take them all in, we need all the paws we can get.)
				+8 beavers
				+4 children
				2 beaver contaminates
				3 beavers get injured
				1 child gets injured
				(launches event m6.1)
				
			(only take in the healthy)
				+3 beavers
				+3 children
				(launches event m6.2)
			
				
event m6.1
	
	Thank you
		Dehydrated, sick and injured, all were welcomed and scheduled for treatment.
		Their representative, a young male, approached you with a key.
		"With this key i trust you with my family and our resources. please guide and protect them"
		

			("I promise you")
				+25 extract
				+4 berries
				+2 planks
				+1 log
				+83 water
				
				
event m6.2

	Clashes
		you sit inside the city center, not doing much. 
		you were supposed to do the paperwork for the new arrivals, but so few of them were healthy it didnt take long.
		It was then you started hearing shouting.
		"you beavers are monsters, you send my family to die"
		As you look outside your window you seen the only healthy adult of the new group entering a fight with the builders.
		you rush outside to devuse the situation, but you were too slow, as you come downstairs he is lying on the ground with a hammer near him.
		
			(i guess i have paperwork to shred)
				-1 beaver dies
				-1 beaver gets injured
				
			
			
---------------------------
event m7.0
	(launches 41 days in)	
		
		The tasks of leadership
			You arent just a leader, you are part of the workforce you help wherever you can, 
			but your leadership duties have increasing, leaving you inefficient in your on field duties.
			
				(regardless it is what i have to do)
					-5% work speed for 15 days
				 
event m7.1
	(launches 56 days in)
		
		The Privilage of leadership 
			while you were personally helping in the very beginning...
			Recently that has become the more niché part of your job. 
			Each day you get more decisions to make than the last and while you'd like to complain.
			it is definetly more relaxed than working your back away.
			
				(you lean back in your chair taking a sip of water while looking at some schematics.)
					-1 beaver
					
event m7.2
	(launches 75 days in)
		
		The burden of Leadership
			as you sit on your chair you try not to fall asleep as you read a letter containing another beavers concerns.
			recently you changed from face to face meatings to a suggestion box as meeting would take too long.
			as the workday ends you realized you skipped lunch and suddenly feel hunger in your stomache and the strain from staring.
			with a sigh you look at the unopened letters.
				
				(it's larger than yesterday's pile)
					-2 wellbeing for "unheard concerns"
					
event m7.3
	(launches 80 days in)
	
	
		when we arrived here things were simple There were few beavers with simple problems.
		but as our colony grows more and more issues start popping up, more than one beaver could handle.
		Furthermore issues like "i dont want to die" became "my dwelling doesnt have anough windows" 
		every single small concern is put on your shoulders and your days are filled with reading and answering letters
		
			(i can't do this anymore)
				replace "unheard concerns" with -5 wellbeing for "bureaucratic nightmare"
				
event m7.4
launches 81 days in)

	Beavers of the new age	
		in light of the recent development regarding your duties you now stand before a decision.
		the colony will need some sort of governmental body to keep it afloat.
		and many have come up with ideas to help you!
		
		The ones you travelled with suggest the ways of your old town. the elderly and wisest are elected to rule together.
		(A council is formed of the old and wise.)
		they'd leave you with the more important tasks.
		
		the foreigner Minority however fear exclusion and suggest that every beaver should have a say regardless of who they are.
		(A council is formed by Beavers who represent different groups of the population.)
		they'd leave you with the more important tasks
		
		And then there are the young. 
		traumatized and radicalized the world, fear the popularity contest either those options would cause.
		they would rather have you pick some individuals to help you in your daily struggles to keep squabbeling and bureaucracy to a minimum.
		(A council is formed of those you choose fit)
		 
			(The elders know best!)
				-5% life expectancy 3 days
				remove bureaucratic nightmare
				(get event Tradition1.0 in 5 days)
				
			(all should have a say)
				-3% working speed for 3 days
				remove bureaucratic nightmare
			(get event Democracy1.0 in 5 days)
			
			(i will not leave my duties to those i dont trust)
				-100 science
				(get event Authocracy1.0 if payed within 1 days)
				
			
----------------------------------
this is where the first half ends, the latter half will be branch until eventually 6 different outcomes.


(plutocracy) where the rich rule and beavers work until they die.

(feudalism) where you are monarch and the wealthy each control land and beavers

(leisurely democracy) where living a good life is most important and robots manage everything

(Revolutionary) where there are no leaders and beavers manage their own economy

(legionarism) where order is everything and you are considered god

(anarchy) where it all comes falling down.

(secret 7th outcome) where the beavers die and the bots take over